# 1. 删除未归类的object
- "text":"shoes ","labels":["they"]
  - the little girl is reaching for a cookie.mother is drying the dishes.the sink is running over.
  - mother's getting her feet wet.they all have shoes on.
- "text":"persons ","labels":["they"]
  - three persons
- "text":"they","labels":["they"]
  - the little girl is reaching for a cookie.mother is drying the dishes.the sink is running over.
  - mother's getting her feet wet.they all have shoes on.
- "text":"dishwasher ","labels":["group2"]
  - I do the dishes sometimes at home.but with the dishwasher it's just pots and pans.mhm.fry pans,
  - do our eggs in the morning.mhm.
- "text":"sleeves","labels":["they"]
- "text":"them","labels":["they"]
- "text":"hands","labels":["they"]
- "text":"their mouths","labels":["they"]
- "text":"lips","labels":["they"] 改为 "group1-girl-hand"
  - there's someone washing the dishes.stepping.and the two of them are stepping.motion of the hands.
  - pointing in the motion on the lips.and reaching.
- "text":"kids","labels":["they"] 改为 "group1"

[//]: # (- "text":"kids","labels":["group1-they"] 改为 "text":"kids","labels":["group1"])
[//]: # (- "text":"children","labels":["group1-they"] 改为 "text":"children","labels":["group1"])
- "text":"socks","labels":["they"]
- "text":"kids","labels":["group1-they"]
- 修改了部分不属于group2的物品为group1，比如cookie
  - window  group2 ---》 group4
- 删除了部分object, eg: shh, 
- 删除了 one、two等
- 
- 修改了部分表达不准确的单词 eg: fountain --> water  
  - ball --> cookie  group1-door --> cabinet  *** door ---> cabinet
- 将flower、grass、bush、tree等mapping为plant


- 58/243 normal 顺序一致 len(final_group) == len(set(alter_group)); abnormal则是0/306

### 频次不高的object记录
- table
  - 形容 cabinet
  - table leg
- bowl
  - group3 -- bowls 
  - group2 -- sugar bowl set

- wall
  - group1 -- wall 墙 --> 橱柜
  - group4 -- wall 描述group4的物体
- handle
  - group1、group3 描述橱柜
  - group2 描述水龙头/橱柜
- mop 
  - 虚构 
  > she'll hafta get a mop and mop it up
- corner
  - 无实指 
  > okay.looks like a nice house.there is very little.but I don't think that's meant for this.the corner 
  > that got to the corner.so this is a corner here.uhhuh.and that goes back into there but that could be another
  - 描述图片 
  > there's an angle here that is incomplete of the corner where the wall comes together
- board
  - group3 
  > there's look like two cups and a plate on the sink and board.
- buttonsha
  - 虚构  # 待处理
- bird
  > she can look out the window and see the lawn, the birds in the trees


